Policy Server specs (#694)
oceanprotocol/ocean-node: docs/PolicyServer.md

> Sometimes, actions performed by Ocean Node has to be double checked on a higher level of authorization. This might include Oath tokens, SSI verifible credentials, Enterprise LDAP, etc..

Reviewer: We should have an h1 title at the top of the page

```suggestion
# Policy Server

Sometimes, actions performed by Ocean Node have to be double-checked on a higher level of authorization. This might include Oath tokens, SSI verifiable credentials, Enterprise LDAP, etc...
```

> For this, we will adopt a simple, but flexible arhitecture:
> 
> For every command, Ocean Node will query PolicyServer (if such env is defined) and wait for it to perform all needed checks.
> 
> For 200 OK responses, Ocean Node will continue and perform the action. For everything else, will deny. If there is a body in response, we will forward that body to the caller. (so users can see the PolicyServer error messages and act accordingly)
> 
> Every Ocean Node command will also accept a data field, called "policyServer" which will be added to the query (so we can pass data from user to PolicyServer)
> 
> # PolicyServer API definition
> 
> All querys will be performed by sending a POST request to PolicyServer Endpoint, with a json payload that looks like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this, we will adopt a simple, but flexible arhitecture:

For every command, Ocean Node will query PolicyServer (if such env is defined) and wait for it to perform all needed checks.

For 200 OK responses, Ocean Node will continue to perform the action. For everything else, it will deny. If there is a body in response, we will forward that body to the caller. (so users can see the PolicyServer error messages and act accordingly)

Every Ocean Node command will also accept a data field, called "policyServer" which will be added to the query (so we can pass data from the user to PolicyServer)

## PolicyServer API definition

All queries will be performed by sending a POST request to PolicyServer Endpoint, with a json payload that looks like this:
```

```json
{
    "action":"newDDO",
    ......
}
```

> Every command will have it's own set of data, in addition to "action" field.
> I will describe them below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every command will have its own set of data, in addition to the "action" field.
I will describe them below:
```
